{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1.\'a0Own Your Bookings, Own Your Income\
Subheadline:\'a0Instantly turn your Airbnb listing into your own booking website.\uc0\u8232 Motivational text:\'a0Upload your Airbnb URL and watch your personalized site come to life\'97no code, no fees, just your property and your profits.\
\
2.\'a0Why Share Revenue When You Can Keep It All?\
Subheadline:\'a0You built the place. You should reap the rewards.\uc0\u8232 Motivational text:\'a0Generate your fully branded booking website in minutes and start accepting direct bookings today.\
\
3.\'a0Your Property Deserves Its Own Spotlight\
Subheadline:\'a0Showcase your space without competing against thousands of listings.\uc0\u8232 Motivational text:\'a0Paste your Airbnb link, and our builder creates a beautiful standalone site that looks and feels like\'a0you.\
\
4.\'a0Liberate Your Listing\
Subheadline:\'a0Step outside the Airbnb box and take full control.\uc0\u8232 Motivational text:\'a0Keep your calendar, payments, messages, and reviews\'97just without the restrictions or fees.\
\
5.\'a0From Airbnb Link to Your Own Booking Site\
Subheadline:\'a0Turn your existing Airbnb listing into your personal website\'97instantly.\uc0\u8232 Motivational text:\'a0Just drop your Airbnb URL, and see your property transformed into a stunning, direct-booking page.\
\
6.\'a0Direct Bookings. Full Control. Zero Fees.\
Subheadline:\'a0Hosts are going independent\'97and you can too.\uc0\u8232 Motivational text:\'a0Spin up your site in moments, accept secure payments, and take charge of your guest experience.\
\
7.\'a0Your Guests. Your Rules. Your Brand.\
Subheadline:\'a0No algorithms, no commission cuts, no surprises.\uc0\u8232 Motivational text:\'a0Build a gorgeous custom site that reflects your property\'92s personality and gets you paid your way.\
\
8.\'a0A Better Way to Host\
Subheadline:\'a0Reclaim your freedom from platforms that take too much.\uc0\u8232 Motivational text:\'a0Join thousands of hosts who\'92ve left the middlemen and built their own booking engines.\
\
9.\'a0Instantly Clone Your Listing Into a Standalone Site\
Subheadline:\'a0Bring your Airbnb data, and we\'92ll build your personal booking page automatically.\uc0\u8232 Motivational text:\'a0See how easy it is to own your booking flow, accept payments, and create your own brand hub.\
\
10.\'a0Turn Your Rental Into a Real Business\
Subheadline:\'a0You don\'92t need a platform\'97you need a presence.\uc0\u8232 Motivational text:\'a0Build your identity online, boost direct bookings, and finally say goodbye to platform dependency.\
}