{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Thin;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red46\green45\blue51;\red246\green247\blue249;\red217\green11\blue5;
\red217\green11\blue5;\red46\green45\blue51;\red246\green247\blue249;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c23529\c23529\c26275;\cssrgb\c97255\c97647\c98039;\cssrgb\c88946\c14202\c0;
\cssrgb\c88946\c14202\c0;\cssrgb\c23529\c23529\c26275;\cssrgb\c97255\c97647\c98039;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13960\viewh11320\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx5766\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Property Name	
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf4 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Surf House Baja
\f2\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \

\f0\b \cb3 Full Description	
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf5 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Welcome to Surf House Baja, a 4-bedroom beach house sitting directly in front of the iconic Shipwrecks surf spot just 4 hours south of the border.
\f2\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \

\f0\b \cb3 Handle/Username	
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf4 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 @surfhousebaja
\f2\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \

\f0\b \cb3 Short Intro	
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf4 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Surf House Baja is a 4-bedroom beach house designed for an elevated surf experience. The open-plan kitchen and resident, local fishermen give you a real opportunity to cooking up a feast, while friends hang out at the counter surrounded by playful swing seating suspended from the ceiling. \
In the day watch surfers on the point break directly in-front from the balcony loungers or unwind outside in hammocks. By night gather around the fire pit, perfect for star gazing and laughter. \
Welcome to your next surf vacation destination.
\f2\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \

\f0\b \cb3 Nightly Rate	
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf4 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 $170
\f2\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \

\f0\b \cb3 Bedrooms / Bathrooms	
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf4 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 4
\f2\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \

\f0\b \cb3 Max Guests	
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf4 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 9
\f2\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \

\f0\b \cb3 Amenities List	
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf4 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Wifi, Free Parking, Full Kitchen, Smart TV, Coffee Maker, Ocean View, Surfboards, Fire Pit, Beach Access
\f2\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \

\f0\b \cb3 Street Address	
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf4 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Lot 3, Punta San Jacinto, San Jacinto, Baja Norte, 
\f2\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \

\f0\b \cb3 Map Coordinates	
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf4 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 30.861383	-116.167874	\

\f0\b\fs28 \cf6 \cb7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Google link	
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf4 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 https://goo.gl/maps/P7vJpLVPqmxuuBNVA
\f2\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \

\f0\b \cb3 Details JSON
\f2\b0 \'a0(city, country, tagline)\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 \
Property details	
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf4 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Surf House Baja has 4 uniquely designed bedrooms all with access to the ocean front balcony. Wake up to a view of the ocean and a point break wave you will be eager to jump in and surf. \
\
The open-plan kitchen has plenty of space for cooking up a feast, while friends can hang out at the counter on playful swings suspended from the ceiling.\
\
The dining area seats six, and there\'92s an even bigger table on the patio for lively group meals under the stars.\
\
Upstairs, the first two bedrooms have floor to ceiling ocean facing windows, each with double beds, crisp white linens, and storage space. The third bedroom has a queen bed and a writing desk, while the fourth has a cozy single. Need extra sleeping space? The large upstairs hallway has a guest sofa bed. \
\
Step out onto the balcony for morning stretches, sun-soaked afternoons, or sunset cocktails.\
The bathroom keeps it simple with a spacious hot shower, hand-built furnishings, and plenty of fresh towels. \
\
Outside, unwind in the sand garden with hammocks, swings, and a fire pit, perfect for starlit conversations. \
\
Feeling competitive? The garage has a ping pong table ready for action. Plus, there\'92s a surfboard rack with foam boards and a stash of used wetsuits, so you can get everyone in the ocean. \

\f0\b\fs28 \cf6 \cb7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\tx5766\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb7 Nearby Activities	
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf4 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 This quiet oceanfront spot has it all\'97if you\'92re not surfing Shipwrecks right out the front of the house, check out the tide pools at low tide, find rocks and a decaying ship resting in the bay.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf4 The neighborhood is safe, friendly, and laid-back. Beyond the gates, open land gives you a true sense of freedom, and the local town has supermarkets, restaurants and whatever you need.\
The Baja 1000 coastal route runs right outside the gates, perfect for watching off-roaders race up the coast.\

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\tx5725\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Local Area	
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf4 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 The house is 15 minutes from Mexico\'92s national park and observatory and 40 minutes from San Quintin\'92s ancient volcanoes and Oyster Bay - $5 for 20 Amazing!, Fishing boats head out to Isla San Martin for world-class fishing from San Quintin, Call and book a trip - $500 x4 people for the day.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Local fishermen head out right in front of the house most mornings and offer fresh catches at unbeatable prices\'97get there around 10 a.m. and strike a deal.\
For the best tacos in town, check out Pericos at the end of town\'97look for the orange building with smoke billowing from a custom-built grill. It\'92s a must-try!\
A trip to Oyster Bay in San Quintin is a must, where you can get 20 oysters shucked or BBQ'd for just $5.\
On Fridays, there\'92s a popular Oaxaca market 25 minutes south in Vicente Guerrero.\
\pard\tx5725\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \

\f0\b\fs28 \cf6 \cb7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Getting There	
\f1\b0\fs26 \cf4 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 The main gate to the neighborhood is locked after 7:30pm so beep twice and security will arrive in a few minutes. If he doesn\'92t you can call Ramon on: 0115216161117557 and tell them you are staying at Lot 3. If you have any problems with the house, you can call Julio at: 0115216161084774. He\'92s usually just a few minutes away between 10:30am and 4pm in the day. 
\f2\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \
\pard\tx720\tx5766\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Photo URLs
\f2\b0 \'a0(all 48)\
\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Image Positions
\f2\b0 \'a0\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Featured Flags
\f2\b0 \'a0\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Airbnb URL
\f2\b0 \'a0	
\f1\fs26 \cf4 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1569039869816457609?
\f2\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
}